=================
kombinat.decogrid
=================


Introduction
============

``kombinat.decogrid`` is a css code generator for layouts with `Deco Grid System`_ based.
It generates css code similar to "`columns.css`_" in `plonetheme.sunburst`_.
Copy the generated css into ``your.product/skins/prod_styles/columns.css`` to
override any other definitions.


Features
========

- Provides the generates css code similar to `plonetheme.sunburst`_ ``columns.css`` file.


Installation
============

If you are a developer, you might enjoy installing it via buildout.

For install ``kombinat.decogrid`` package add it to your ``buildout`` section's 
*eggs* parameter e.g.: ::

    [buildout]
    parts =
        ...
        decogrid

    [decogrid]
    recipe = zc.recipe.egg
    eggs = kombinat.decogrid


and then running ``bin/buildout``.

Or, you can add it as a dependency on your own product ``setup.py`` file: ::

    install_requires=[
        ...
        'kombinat.decogrid',
    ],


Guide
=====

The autogenerated executable is located in your buildout ``bin/`` directory.
It allows you several options for generating decogrid css code, which can be
directly pasted into your ``columns.css`` file::

    ~/buildout $ bin/decogrid_generatecss -h
    usage: decogrid_generatecss [-h] [-c COLUMNS] [-m MARGIN] [-w WIDTH]
                                [-l LEVEL] [-t TAG] [-o]

    decogrid_generatecss [options] decogrid_generatecss generate decogrid
    columns.css for plone (http://deco.gs) Default values are written in brackets.

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -c COLUMNS, --columns COLUMNS
                            how many columns (16)
      -m MARGIN, --margin MARGIN
                            margin in pixels between each cell (10)
      -w WIDTH, --width WIDTH
                            portal width in pixels including potentially left
                            and/or right margins (960)
      -l LEVEL, --convenience-level LEVEL
                            max level of convenience classes to create (7)
      -t TAG, --tag TAG     html tag to be used for 'row', 'cell' and
                            'convenience' css classes (div)
      -o, --omit-margin     omit left and right margin around the portal
                            (recommended for nesting grids inside grids)


Example
-------

This utility is very useful if you want to use nested grid layout because you
can omit the margin which is given by default in plone's ``columns.css``.

Generate a new ``columns.css`` file by using:

::

    ./bin/decogrid_generatecss -o -w 950 -c 16 > columns.css


Contribute
==========

- Issue Tracker: https://github.com/collective/kombinat.decogrid/issues
- Source Code: https://github.com/collective/kombinat.decogrid


License
=======

The project is licensed under the GPLv2.


Credits
-------

- Daniel Widerin (daniel at widerin dot net).


Amazing contributions
---------------------

- Leonardo J. Caballero G. aka macagua (leonardocaballero at gmail dot com).

You can find an updated list of package contributors on https://github.com/collective/kombinat.decogrid/contributors

.. _`Deco Grid System`: http://deco.gs
.. _`columns.css`: https://github.com/plone/plonetheme.sunburst/blob/master/plonetheme/sunburst/skins/sunburst_styles/columns.css
.. _`plonetheme.sunburst`: https://github.com/plone/plonetheme.sunburst
